about/index.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About
description: Zein Sleiman - Software Engineer
header_image:
  image_url: /assets/images/about.jpg
  alt_text: Beach
  title: Beach & Code
---
# <i class="fas fa-bat"></i> My Story 
---



## Who am I
I am very passionate about programming and love every aspect of it. The challenge, excitement when solving a problem and the satisfaction when you build software that will be used by others. I am not artistic and I can barely draw a stick man but for me programming is an art. I learned that in this field the amount of material to learn from is infinite and I will keep learning so I can create a difference in people's lives.

---

## What I do
Currently, I work at Orderbot Software as a Software Engineer. I work on two applications, the order management system and the clients' websites that we build. We mainly use Asp.Net WebForms C#, JQuery, HTML 5, and CSS3. In my free time, I play football(soccer), read and learn about new technologies and coding languages.

---

## Little History
I come from Lebanon, where I finished my Masters Degree in Computer and Telecommunication Engineering. I worked for a year and 4 months as a Technical Consultant. After that I decided to pursue my dream and I came to Vancouver where I finished a two year diploma in Computer System Technology. I graduated in December 2011 and started working in Feb 2012 at [Orderbot Software](http://www.orderbot.com/){:target="_blank" rel="noopener"} which got acquired early 2016 by [Weblinc](https://www.weblinc.com/){:target="_blank" rel="noopener"}.

Commit message:

Creating a new post and updating about me. Also updating Jekyll to 4.0 and make sure the blog is still running (#4)

about/index.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About
description: Zein Sleiman - Software Engineer
header_image:
  image_url: /assets/images/about.jpg
  alt_text: Beach
  title: Beach & Code
---
# <i class="fas fa-bat"></i> My Story 
---



## Who am I
I am very passionate about programming and love every aspect of it. The challenge, excitement when solving a problem and the satisfaction when you build software that will be used by others. I am not artistic and I can barely draw a stick man but for me programming is an art. I learned that in this field the amount of material to learn from is infinite and I will keep learning so I can create a difference in people's lives.

---

## What I do
I work as a Software Engineer in Vancouver, British Columbia building apps and libraries using C#. 

---

## Little History
I come from Lebanon, where I finished my Masters Degree in Computer and Telecommunication Engineering. I worked for a year and 4 months as a Technical Consultant. After that I decided to pursue my dream and I came to Vancouver where I finished a two year diploma in Computer System Technology. I graduated in December 2011 and started working since then.
